Miss Su, you are pregnant.
Cultivator would be very happy if he knew
Hello Xiaoyuan, I
Pardon me?
had an accident!
Hey, you're awake
Who are you? Did Brother Xiuyuan lose his memory?
Don't you remember me?
I am Yingying
Your fiancee, fiancee
The murderer still has the face to see my son
Auntie, I beg you
Let me see Xiuyue for the last time
Shut up you don't deserve it
If it weren't for your mourning haunting him
He wouldn't have cut ties with his family
He wouldn't have had a car accident because he married you
aunt
I'm sorry to see you one last time
Don't let me see you again
Otherwise I won't let you go easily
Someone pull it down
Auntie, I'm not going
Brother Jiayi Xue Yuan seems to have woken up
But he doesn't seem to remember anything.
Can not remember
It's okay if you don't remember
Tomorrow I will take Xiu to Liaoyang in the distance
Never come back
Auntie, take me with you
I am willing to accompany Brother Xiu Yuan for the rest of my life
That would be fine.
But you remember that the old cultivator died
You know I know
Don't let a third person know
Great, Su Ran
You will never have the chance to see Brother Xiu Yuan again
From Now On
Brother Xiuyuan belongs to me alone